there are also these two videos maybe more incredible but equally
Shocking engraving on the island of los roques de venezuela
the most terrifying
is that it brings us as it could be the fearsome arrival of beings hostile to
ourhouses
it is said that the top brass of the federation of light
in fact contact with the strongest governments on the planet
have presented a global 500 disarmament proposal with a view to 2012
same
that apparently has not been well received
has even provoked direct attacks on these space visitors
is a video that is said to have been captured in maritime territory
in the environment
he added
tomorrow in vienna
nothing at all
to make it
online
before this note ended with three main points
the first respect of the very great possibility that all those theories
there they have been created before the natural need that man has to believe in
a being superior to him
the second point
is that with the arrival of technology the creation of photographs and videos
it is practically available to everyone
the third point invites reflection
imagine what humans would think two thousand years ago when they saw them
ski fire in the sky
why they associated these visions with signs of divine origin
think of those same events as interpreted by human beings that
we live in this modern era
If you had lived in the years of Jesus of Nazareth
I would have recognized him as the most spiritual being that has stepped on the earth
this would have been one of the thousands who branded him as a phony
the answer
east of the island
in the note you also liked a lot of tension
finally on the side because flights from abroad
with the benefit of the unit for the benefit of the brothers in benefit
of
of all of us who inhabit this planet to be a better planet
undoubtedly now that the night is very strong
i do not carry this hackett let's say that a confederation delivers lactic not
exists
if God is so vast so 2000 feel so omnipresent 10 God of the universe how
we can believe that we can not have other brothers in others in another room and
in other parts of the universe
protecting the younger brothers including Juan Pablo Segundo during his
pontificate accepted that it had to be done
Of course, I think it's said there
per hundred of high rank in the religions that have been touched by these
services had conversations with this is unknown to understand more or less
the evolutionary process
of us from them and create a spiritual awareness of unity
and lately the injury is in charge have been very linked to the phenomenon
set is always still we do not stop it very interesting
watching the video that is known to acquire the exodus
what is it that guides the Israelites owed eight are clouds is the
can use a cloud
of energy and ones in the night h & m wa the 60 minutes to talk about clouds in
that time
I must say how much and how art can be a man
well we all know and others recognized estiven espinar
that's why this movie at minute 77 revealed that during that type
the great ship does not say that it appears a table arises that this relationship is not very
big solis no
we can not rule out priority for nothing
for the case has also opened three years ago in this same draw for
a precedent on the boulevard san miguel oliveira silva on the mobile uvi
like he's being honest with himself with a this ruling on Friday from
99 presses into an adoption attempt
then we got to the point was to break the mold
in the west wing of the american league
However Alonso Ferreri or for any eventuality to be able to use
we can have been few thought that the line are many things
but we can cross two points first
chase more than urgent
tr 21
full report
but that served for this kind of situations the second that kind of
samples of maturity in ticul available to camouflage 1
efe it could be that it was like the novelty that come out they all did it 65
Well, it could be that what meteorologists say the thrones that
are the interactions that are having
the earth with the sun
a draw vitarte where long no presence of sunspots
but we do not know how these two celebrities are acting because the atmosphere
those schemes
button
then in a few words
we do not know what's happening and unknown objects on the wall in the sky in
space
consulted about documentaries about everything
as a sports journalist
what kind of program is it to guide
not to create false
since then
there are many thanks for having been in the hands of the opposition
For this reason, cancer
thank you very much kid
happens to end this specialist normality
but the later in the fishing terminal to fence the files of that
rule
lack of injuries